(girl)
So I ended up studying for about
six hours before I fell asleep.
(girl) Not cool!
Uh, Shark?
It's only you.
What's up with you, Shark?
Hey, not so loud!
What gives?
Why are you acting so weird?
Yeah, is someone after you?
Perhaps Shark is being followed
by our mutual foes.
The Barians?
(boy) Who is she?
Whoa, she's really,
really cute.
(boy) Who's the new girl?
(boy)
Is this what
a crush feels like?
(girl) Sheesh, Reginald!
I thought we'd walk
to school together.
Why did you leave me behind?
What are you,
too cool to be seen
with your younger sister?
Hi, great to see you
back on your feet, Rio!
I'm Tori!
It's so nice to meet
some friendly faces!
What a great start to
my first day of class.
Hopefully we can all
end up being friends.
I'll so be your friend!
I mean, welcome to our school!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(boy)
I'm gonna ask her
to the dance.
(boy)
It bother anyone that
she's Shark's sister?
(boy) No, not really.
(boy) Me neither!
I see.
So you would like me
to win Yuma's Numbers
from him then, Girag?
That's not all.
I want you to win me
someone else's Number too.
Shark!
Ah, Shark.
It just so happens that
his younger sister Rio
is now attending our school.
(Girag)
Well, that's a little fact
we'll have to exploit!
I want you to get
a hold of this "Rio"
then use her as bait to get
to Shark and his Number!
But of course Girag.
I will do everything I can
in the name of Barian World.
(all)
In the name of
Barian World!
(Tori)
I'm glad you were finally well
enough to leave the hospital.
So you're totally,
100% back to normal now?
Yep, good as new!
I had to get better
because Reginald needs me.
He'd lose his head if it
wasn't attached to his neck.
Why, just this morning
he overslept.
If I hadn't stopped him
he would have run
out of the house
in his pajamas.
Ha, bet they have
little sharks on 'em.
His PJs aren't even the worst
part, he sleeps with...
Rio, watch what you say!
Remember, I've read
your diary!
So be quiet or else.
Or else what?
Well, Mr. Night Light?
Just never mind!
By the way, aren't you
the one who dueled Reginald
and actually beat him?
Yeah, of course,
I know who you are!
I guess I am getting
pretty popular.
You sure are, Kite Tenjo!
I'm Yuma!
Yuma Tsukumo!
Oh, yeah!
I've heard of you too!
You're the one who
always lucks out
and wins by accident, right?
Did you say "by accident"?
How's your catchphrase go?
Think I got it!
I am healing my toe!
No, it's "I'm feeling
the flow!"
You sure?
That sounds wrong to me.
Excuse me?
Ah, at last we meet,
Rio Kastle!
Hey there.
Can I help you?
Yes, you can.
I'm the captain of
the soccer team.
We need you!
Join us and manage
the school team.
Are you in?
(clamoring)
Wow it is nice to be wanted!
After school I'll
visit each of your teams
and select the one that'll
be the best fit for me.
(all) Yeah!
(Bronk) This is nuts!
You mean she's gonna take on
the whole soccer
team by herself?
Rio is challenging all
the teams at our school.
She said she'll join
the one that can beat her.
Seems unfair to me, though.
The odds are not in her favor!
Okay, Rio.
You may think your good,
but no one is this good.
That was true, 'til now!
Here goes!
No way!
She made it through them all!
Amazing!
Come on!
(Rio)
You guys can do
better than this!
If you want me to
manage your team,
then try bringing your
game up to my level!
Wow, Rio!
That was, like, totally insane!
Why, thank you, Yuma.
(boy)
She's so full
of herself!
(boy)
She won't make any
friends with that 'tude!
(boy)
Like brother
like sister!
Those guys are so rude.
It's okay I ignore
people like that.
Some people resent it
when a girl turns out
to be more than
just a pretty face.
A pretty face,
she's so much more.
She's the girl I'd
split my lunch with!
(girl)
You're Rio
Kastle, right?
Excuse me, sorry to interrupt.
The president of
our club has heard
really great things about you.
She'd love to meet!
Are you free to drop
by right now?
(woman)
Thank you for
coming, Rio.
I am Lotus Hanazoe, the head of
the school floral design club
and I'm pleased you brought
your friends with you.
I think you will find our
club the perfect place
to let your roots settle.
We'll provide you a sunny patch
to flourish in our
little garden.
Haven't you trimmed
that flower enough?
There's not much left.
Oh, not at all.
We pride ourselves on knowing
just how far to take our flora
so that each bud
may fully blossom.
And soon, my new sprouts...
(Astral) Yuma?
Yuma...
Yuma!
Yuma, look all around you!
Why is everyone sleeping?
I suspect she has lulled
them into a trance
using the tenor of her voice.
But, why would she?
What's she planning?
The answer may lie in the
darkness I am sensing.
I suspect she is an
agent of Barian World!
Are they okay?
Impressive.
You resisted the
power of my voice.
What are you up to, huh?
I see no harm in telling you.
My plan was to use
Rio, as bait,
to get to Shark and his Number.
That is so wrong!
Perhaps, but you may
like my new plan better.
As you avoided group nap time,
I will duel you for
your Numbers!
Think again!
You'll... ow!
Pins and needles, make it stop!
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
You are funny Yuma.
Sad, but funny.
I'll show you funny!
(Rio)
And I'll be
here watching!
Not you too!
Rio!
I thought you fell
asleep as well?
Something just didn't
feel right to me,
so I faked falling
under her control!
My, my, what a clever
girl you are!
Listen, don't worry
about a thing Rio!
Yuma's on the job,
you're safe with me here!
I'll protect you!
I'll be okay.
Lotus I heard all
about your big plan!
You stay away from my
brother Shark, you hear me?
If you want to duel
someone, then duel me!
Really?
You will regret that.
We'll see about that!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
Let's duel!
Now I will start us off!
My turn, I draw!
This duel has just
begun to bloom.
I summon Fire Lily
in attack mode!
And I activate the
field spell Zen Garden!
Not only does it
beautify the scenery,
but Water monsters
can no longer attack.
Lotus' first draw certainly
proves her duel deck
was ready and waiting to
battle against Shark.
Your first problem has just
sprouted up in the duel field.
You see when I have one flower,
my garden allows me
to plant another.
And that will be
Ferocious Flora!
Now when there are two
Plant-Type monsters
on my field, I can
summon my Cosmos!
She summoned three
Level 3 monsters already.
I overlay Level 3 Fire Lily,
Ferocious Flora and Cosmos!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Battlecruiser Dianthus!
And now due to
Zen Garden's effect
my long planned strategy
will really take root!
You see Xyz Monsters
gain 100 attack points
for every rank they have!
If you think things
look bleak now,
just wait until I activate
Dianthus' special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
you take 300 points of damage
for every card in your hand,
so with five cards
in your hand,
you will take 1,500
points of damage!
Go Big Cannon!
Rio!
I believe your confidence
has been uprooted.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
Not bad Lotus, but
it's my move, I draw!
I summon Blizzard Falcon!
Next I activate the spell card
Blizzard Jet from my hand!
Now my Blizzard Falcon
gains a bone chilling
1,500 attack points
for this turn!
3,000 attack points!
That's awesome, but
not for you Lotus!
Pity.
All that effort for naught.
My Zen Garden field spell
prevents Water Monsters
such as your Falcon
from attacking.
Who says I'll be attacking?
I'm activating Blizzard
Falcon's special ability!
Since Blizzard Falcon gained
1,500 attack points this turn,
you take 1,500
points of damage!
Aw, yeah!
I concur.
It seems Rio knows
what she is doing.
I place three cards
facedown and end my turn!
Rio Kastle...
She just won't go down
without a fight.
Dueling me was a foolish move!
And now you will reap
what you have sown.
My turn, I draw!
So from my hand, I activate
Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force!
And now I rebuild
the Overlay Network
with Battlecruiser Dianthus!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Barian power born of chaos...
visit your judgment
on this world of filth!
Come forth, Chaos Xyz
Battleship Cherry Blossom!
(Lotus)
Say hello to my
Cherry Blossom!
Watch out Rio!
I got this Yuma.
Oh, I highly doubt that.
You see, due to
Zen Garden's effect,
my Xyz Monster gains 100 attack
points for each of its ranks!
Now the hopelessness you feel
is about to double as I activate
Cherry Blossom's
special ability.
By using one Chaos
Overlay Unit,
you take 400 points of damage
for every card on the field.
You have four cards
and I have three.
Do you know what that makes?
Ah, math sneak attack!
Okay three and four is, um...
Wait, I got this!
2,800 points of damage!
It appears my Cherry
Blossom made sure
you felt the burn that time.
But how... you
should be cinders!
I don't lose my cool
that easy, Lotus.
You see before Cherry Blossom's
special ability kicked in,
I activated the trap
card Diamond Dust!
It destroyed my Water
Attribute monster.
So I only had two
cards on my field
and just took 2,000
points of damage!
And that's only the beginning
of what this trap card can do!
But I don't think
you'll like the rest!
You take 500 points of
damage for every monster
that was destroyed.
Rio's a great duelist,
isn't she?
I am afraid that remains
to be seen, Yuma.
You are as bothersome
as a weed in a garden,
it is time I prune
you for good!
And this should do
the trick nicely.
Cherry Blossom attack!
Flower Shower!
Nice try but I activate
the trap Ice Chain!
This card will put
a stop your strategy
by letting me summon
one Level 4-or-below
Water Attribute monster
from my hand!
So help me welcome
back my Aurora Wing!
Since my Aurora Wing
was destroyed in battle,
I can summon it back from my
graveyard in defense mode!
Well, that move bought
you a tiny bit of time.
Speaking of which,
I will bide mine.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Now there's something on
my mind I really must ask.
Tell me, how much longer
can you hang on?
Let's find out!
I draw!
Now I activate the spell
card Monster Reborn!
It allows me to summon Blizzard
Falcon from my graveyard!
I will welcome your monster
back with the trap Rose Marker!
And just like the flower,
Rose Marker is prickly.
When you activate a card,
it deals you a total
of 300 points of damage.
Oh no, Rio!
Looks like Lotus still
has plenty of bad seeds
in her garden!
Yes, very well put Yuma,
because you see...
Now, just like a flower
that has been neglected
and left out in the cold,
I will watch you wilt!
(Lotus)
And now, like a flower that has
been left out in the cold,
I will watch you wilt!
That won't be happening
anytime soon!
You see I just made
a change to my strategy,
and that means I'll be
winning this duel much sooner
than I imagined!
Bet you want to know how,
well, if you think
our duel's been icy,
you haven't seen anything yet!
I overlay Level 4 Blizzard
Falcon and Aurora Wing!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Ice
Beast Zerofyne!
Your monster certainly
can make an entrance.
But it takes more than
a chilling entry to defeat me.
Oh, not to worry.
Your Zen Garden will help, too.
Zerofyne gains 100
attack points per rank
because of your field spell!
I activate Zerofyne's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
all other face up cards
lose their effects!
And now I use the
ability Perfect Freeze!
For every card that
loses its effects,
your monster loses
300 attack points.
That means Cherry Blossom
loses 900 attack points.
Since Zen Garden
lost its effects,
Xyz Monsters no longer
have an attack boost.
I'd say your Zen Garden
just got trampled!
This sets the stage
for my next move.
Now Zerofyne!
Attack Cherry Blossom!
No I think not,
because I activate
the spell Flower Judgment!
Your monster's special ability
disabled my face up cards!
But I can still use
my facedown cards!
And this spell sends all of
Cherry Blossom's Overlay Units
to the graveyard,
but Cherry Blossom
gains 800 attack points
for each one!
So I do not think
your silly Zerofyne
will pose any threat
to my monster.
It's got 3,100 attack points!
All your icy attacks
are no match
for my frightful
Flower Monsters!
Think again!
Your chances of winning are
about to get snowed in!
I activate the spell
Freezing Point!
Since your Xyz Monster
has no Overlay Units,
it loses all its attack points!
So thanks to my
spell, your monster
has gone from powerful
to powerless!
This cannot be happening!
My flowers have
never failed me!
They say there's a first
time for everything!
Show her Zerofyne!
Attack Cherry Blossom
with Icicle Storm!
Yeah, you did it, Rio!
You're a real Ice Queen!
(Rio) Excuse me?
Well, you know what I meant...
Yeah, I do,
just messing with you.
I'm not Reginald.
I have a sense of
humor, you know.
Rio won?
When is my losing
streak gonna' end?
Hope they don't hear about
this in Barian World...
What happened?
How did we all fall asleep?
Did we have a slumber party?
(Shark)
Hey, Rio, caught
the match.
It was an okay duel I guess.
But Shark, you missed it!
Nope, I saw it!
You watched the whole time?
Yep, upset I didn't
give you any pointers?
I don't need your help!
Rio dueled like a real pro.
She is one
tough cookie.
Nah.
Deep down, she goes to
pieces pretty quickly.
Cat, cat, cat!
Don't tell me you're
scared of a kitten?
C'mon.
I know it's weird,
but they give me
the heebie jeebies!
Aww, but look how cute she is.
Reginald, I need you to
get rid of it now!
I thought you said you
don't need my help, Rio?
Come on!
She's cute when
she's terrified!
No!